Remember when jay cee had the world record?
What's the world record for this seed?
Burb says talking is just a waste of frames
I don't know where the holy water is. Ask Kaelari.
SBDWolf is already heading to Dracula
Why is Freeland wearing a santa hat?
What's the sub goal to get 2snek to shave?
I think Sathdresh is doing the next seed blindfolded
LoZ lost his marbles on Dead River
Spriven taught me new words, but I can't repeat them
Someone should buy abyssonym a sandwich
I want you to hit me as hard as you can
Laurels are still illegal at the federal level
The silver knife can't even cut a muffin
Those crystal dudes are all dirty commies
I'm a filthy liar. Why are you even listening to me?
Screw the Lord of Darkness. I want the Tiger King.
Thank God that Italian plumber left us garlic
You can one-shot Camilla with the axe
Despite all my rage I'm still just a rat in a cage
I like churches, but where's the wall meat?
I am Cornholio! I need TP for my bunghole!
This joke will likely fly over freeland's head
Grom says you need more Karnov in your life
Did you check the top-left clue in Brahm's?
If you want a real challenge, play Door Rando!
I love that there is no curfew in place now!
What is a man? A miserable little pile of secrets!
Has anyone seen Grant in the Netflix series?
Diamonds are forever... useless
Has anyone figured out how to diamond skip yet?
I'm buying another flannel shirt from Josh today
Has anyone seen my stopwatch?
Let's play a Lights Out, Invisible Enemies, OHKO seed
Where the heck is Aldra?
That ferry needs some serious maintenance
2 underwater mansions is a little redundant
Those 'Storm Chasers' dropped a red crystal somewhere
I saw 'Richter' in a book of weird baby names
If Trevor did his job right you could be chillin'
Birds are jerks
If BSAC cheats, how would you even know?
Nice Indiana Jones cosplay, but where's the hat?
Blobs are so predictable
'Laurels' is just a street name for PCP
Secret merchants were dead the whole time
Ask Zingo to help you with your stream tech needs
You're no daisy. You're no daisy at all.
You're no Ralph Belmondo.
Zangetsu is one solid snake in the grass
Life will... uh... find a way
I am Jack's deadly curse
Curses and monsters, but at least it never rains here
BabySAC says floor drops are easy
0x336, 0x0, 0x8, 0x16... floor drops are weird
Dude, you are way too slow on stairs
Madeline says seekers are way tougher than medusae
How did the Bodley merchant even get there?
How did the mansions get their names?
Sans and Papyrus used to vacation here.
Holy water is a weapon? I was just drinking it.